[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> Game over, man!
This is game over!
>> Bill Paxton was a star of
some of the biggest Hollywood
blockbusters of
the 1980s and '90s.
>> Three hours by the checklist.
>> [LAUGHS]
>> His illustrious career
beginning with character roles
in smash hit movies.
>> After filming people under
deep hypnosis for a decade,
I wondered if it is possible
to continue a conversation with
a loved one who
has crossed over.
Jennifer Shaffer is a medium
who works with law enforcement
agencies nationwide on
missing person cases.
I thought perhaps
her talents would
work with people I knew who
are no longer on the planet.
What if our loved ones
could still reach out to us?
What would we ask them?
Everything you're about to see
and hear was recorded verbatim.
"Backstage Pass to the Flipside:
Talking to Bill Paxton."
Written and directed
by Richard Martini.
Can we access Luana?
Can she come forward?
>> She's here.
>> OK.
And so--
>> She's beautiful, by the way.
>> What is it that Luana
would like to tell us or say?
Or what's her amusing
thing for the day?
>> OK.
Hold on.
She says you're
doing everything.
And she says you're
doing everything right.
But you-- then she
showed me like a stop,
like you stopped yourself.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
OK.
So she's showing
you in the center.
She's saying that
you stopped yourself
from being vulnerable
because-- and then
she showed me all the people
that have passed around you.
And believe me, I've only had--
I've had a few people that have
passed, but nothing like this.
>> And in reference to what
Luana's saying about what--
is she saying stay more open?
>> She's saying, stay more
open and put your shields down.
>> Luana, while we're here, we
have a mutual friend who passed
away recently, Bill.
And is he avai--
does he want to talk to us?
>> [GASP] Oh, they just danced.
That's interesting.
>> Who's they?
>> Bill.
>> And?
>> Luana.
>> Oh.
>> They did like a
little tango thing.
It's kind of funny.
>> Does Bill want to talk to us?
So tell us what it's
like for you over there.
And who was the first person--
>> He says it's fun.
He's, like, scaring people.
>> Who was the first person
to greet you when you stepped
off--
>> His dad.
>> His dad, OK.
And was that a happy thing,
a happy connection, or?
>> Shocking, because
that meant he died.
So I just saw that, like--
hold on.
Billy's saying that, at
first, he was startled.
But it wasn't scary.
His heart didn't--
it wasn't scary.
He says it was like
recognition of both worlds.
That he's leaving
one, and then--
it shows them going
together as one.
>> Was this an
exit point for you?
Was this something
that you had planned
that maybe would happen?
Was this the right time,
or was this the wrong time?
>> His physical body was--
it was the wrong
time for him here.
It was the right
time for his soul.
>> I understand.
And let me ask you,
you talked about going
to visit the Titanic.
Would you describe what
that was like to Jennifer?
>> Is it the Billy
that was in the Tit--
no.
>> Ask him!
>> Because he just showed me a
picture of when you were saying
that of the guy that
recently passed.
>> OK.
Is that-- ask him!
>> I'm so confused.
OK.
>> Billy, is that picture you?
Give her a thumbs
up or a thumbs down.
>> He gave me a thumbs up.
>> OK, very good.
Yes, that's him.
>> Oh my gosh.
Well, he was there
the other day.
But he had blond--
>> Well, he grew up as a blondie
from Texas and his hair got
browner.
And it was dyed by
the time he passed.
>> You confused me when--
and that's where I get
hung up, because I saw him,
but I didn't know--
>> No, I don't know if
his hair was ever blond.
I really don't know.
Maybe that's his--
>> No blond, but
it was just dirty.
>> Yeah, but that's maybe the
way he wants to look between
lives.
>> No, I love Billy!
>> OK.
>> I love Billy.
I had no i--
>> I wanted you to say it.
I didn't want to say it.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> Shoot.
That was funny.
That was a shark.
>> Why was it a shark?
He showed you a shark, or--
>> Well, a shark swam by.
And I'm-- it's--
OK.
[CHUCKLES]
He's like, you don't
have to hold your breath.
I started holding my breath.
>> So describe what you're
seeing and feeling, if you can.
>> I'm feeling a sense of peace.
It's so fine.
This is really fine.
>> So what does the
Titanic look like?
>> I would be really scared
to ever go into something like
that in any machine or
anything, even if it was safe.
I'd be very, very
scared because it--
they did a pretty
good job in the movie.
>> Well, he did it.
He went down there
with Jim Cameron
like four or five times.
>> Wow.
>> And he talked about it.
It was the most dramatic thing
he'd ever done in his life.
He thought he was just going to
go out there and be on the ship
when Jim came back up.
And Jim said, no,
you're coming with me.
And they went down in this tiny
bathysphere all the way down
to the ship.
And he did it like four times.
>> So for me, I'm afraid of--
he just showed me.
It's my past life
stuff that is causing
me to be afraid of the ocean.
That's funny in and of itself.
But he's taking me down
to the right of the bow.
No.
It's the right, but it's below.
It's on the bottom,
in the front.
And there's a hole.
There's a hole in the front.
And then he showed
me an explosion.
I believe one of
the explosions--
well, I don't know, but
he showed me an explosion
that caused that part--
it's in the front.
>> Very good.
Very good.
>> It's in the front,
what he showed me.
>> Well, that's where the--
supposedly, there was a fire.
Maybe it's possible.
But they hit the iceberg
on the right side, and--
>> I didn't know that.
I have no--
>> Well, I'm just--
but we're mostly about
connecting to Billy.
So I wanted him to
show that to you,
and what his experience
was like doing that.
>> He's making fun of
me decompressing now.
My whole face is like--
that's interesting.
>> Very good.
Now, we have some
mutual friends.
We have John and Lori.
I met Billy in a pub in London.
And he was dating his
girlfriend Louise.
He told me about her, and he
was doing that movie "Aliens."
And he laughed really loudly,
and I went, oh my god.
You're the guy who was
in "Weird Science."
Now, have you had a chance
to see John Hughes since you
got home, or is he--
>> He says he's really busy.
>> OK.
Helping people out?
>> It's amazing.
You can always be
connected to us, but we--
but you guys are
really-- this is what--
he's saying, don't be confused.
He just went like
this to my head.
Stop that.
It's not very nice.
>> Well, hold on.
Will and I were going to make
a movie together in 1986.
And now this is our
chance, finally,
to make a film together.
Right?
And that's why it's
important for you
to tell messages
to your friends,
because I will get
these messages.
So Jim Cameron.
Anything to Jim?
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> Thank you.
He says thank you.
>> Anything specific that you
could give me that only Jim
would know is coming from
you, as opposed to me?
>> That he knows where it is.
>> He knows where it is.
Where what is?
>> I don't know.
The--
>> "I know where it is."
OK, the thing that Jim--
>> Are they still
looking for that--
>> Not the Titanic.
They know where that is.
>> Not the Titanic,
but the jewelry.
>> Oh, I think that's made up.
I don't think that's real.
But you know where it is?
Well, where is it, buddy?
Because that's going
to give more specifics.
Where is it?
Is that what he's
showing you, a jewel?
>> He's saying to be quiet
so I can listen to him.
>> No--
>> Hold on a second.
>> No.
>> No, he showed me you
as I'm looking here.
He showed me you.
He's like, I'm trying to talk.
He goes--
>> I'm sorry.
I apologize.
>> Hold on.
There's something that happened
in February, it feels like.
It's something that
deals with a deal.
I don't know--
I hope it's not a divorce
or anything, but something
that deals--
something that happened
in February that's
going to go through in June.
>> With relating to Jim
Cameron, or Billy, or his wife?
>> Jim Cameron.
OK.
Something's going to
go through for Jim.
>> And it might be in movies,
or something that was either
discussed or talked
about or done.
This is going to be--
>> Happening in June?
And is that something--
>> Something maybe
they're filming in June.
>> Was that something you were
going to be involved with?
>> I don't know.
He's showing me
looking at papers,
but I don't think he was
going to be in the film.
>> All right, well, it's--
well, whatever.
You know what?
Here's the bottom line.
The bottom line
is I think people
are more tuning into this
stuff than we think they are.
And if you want to reach out
to Jim, you know how to do it.
You know how to talk to him.
You know how to
whisper in his ear.
>> I don't want to scare him.
>> Yeah, scare him.
That's fine.
Do.
>> I did not.
That's so interesting.
>> Well, I'm glad he did,
because we are going to get
to it.
I didn't have to say his name.
But anyway, all right.
So let's just talk about
some more interesting stuff.
So you mentioned you
get around faster.
You can fly.
So what is that to Jennifer?
Show her what it is for you to
fly from one place to the next.
How does that work?
>> He's showing me before
I can even process,
going to all the
corners really fast.
And then he's showing me in
slow time how many things are
going fast in the interim, but
yet he's even faster than that.
I know.
He slowed down to
show that he's--
>> You mean almost like tag?
>> Yeah.
>> Like 5,000 tags.
And what you saw was
like four or five,
and then when you slow
it down super slow,
you see like each tag.
Interesting.
>> He knows I'm hungry.
>> What did--
OK.
Thank you, Bill.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> So let's have Bill
in this question.
What do we look like to you?
How do you communicate with us?
>> He showed me the aerial
view of being above us.
Not in a hierarchy way,
but he showed me your head.
>> Yeah, yeah, yeah.
>> And that works best is the
eyes, the windows to the soul.
That's what he sees.
I'm like, would you
rather have just touching?
He was like, I wish.
It was just like--
he showed me touching the hand.
>> So, well, Bill, if you
were going to pick some part
of your life to re-experience
again, what would it be?
Other than meeting me
in that bar in London.
>> He just showed me a
gun, chewing tobacco.
>> Oh yeah?
>> Horses.
>> Chewing tobacco?
You like to chew tobacco?
>> No, he doesn't.
But he's showing me--
>> Oh, you could have.
>> --the way.
It's just like--
>> Oh, you could have.
Oh, I see.
You're like an old cow hand.
>> A sheriff.
He's showing me being a sheriff.
>> A sheriff?
And where was that?
>> Texas.
And where in Texas?
>> And Australia.
That's a lot.
Where else?
Where in Texas?
>> Austin?
>> Or was it Australia?
Near Austin?
OK.
>> Yeah.
>> Cool.
>> Outside of Austin.
It's northeast of Austin.
>> Northeast of Austin.
>> And a big ranch.
>> And what were
you doing there?
What year was this, roughly?
>> It feels like
the Civil War, 18--
or maybe after.
1879?
>> So Bill, are there any of
your old girlfriends I need
to reach out to?
>> [CHUCKLES] I don't
have any old girlfriends.
I only had eyes for my wife.
>> Wow.
That was a test.
You answered.
So why did you have an apartment
in LA and a house in Ojai?
>> Airport.
Close to the airport.
>> OK, very cool.
Somewhere close to
the airport, huh?
>> He's laughing.
>> You know, I reached out to
you two weeks before you passed
because I was trying to figure
out how I could get a job
on "Training Day."
And so I reached
out to David Ayer,
who's a friend of mine, the
guy who wrote the original one.
And I was like--
and I thought, oh, I'll call
Bill and schmooze my way
into a gig.
Never would have
happened, I know.
But--
>> You could've.
He says it could've.
>> Don't tell me that.
[CHUCKLES] Anyways, well,
here we are working on a movie
together.
So now, what can we ask
that an average person would
want to know about you?
Tell us what your day is like.
What's it like--
I know that sounds weird.
I know there's not
a day or a time.
But, like, do you sleep?
Do you have a house
where you hang out?
>> There's no sleeping there.
>> No sleeping, OK.
Do you have a house or a
place and you hang out?
>> On a white beach, yeah.
>> OK.
And is that-- do you go
there for relaxation,
or is that like--
>> Yeah.
He goes there to think.
[CHUCKLES]
>> OK.
And what do you think about
while you're on the flip side?
>> About how he wants
his next life to be.
Now, that's fascinating.
>> Tell us.
What do you think?
>> How he wants the world to
be a better place, you know?
>> Then how could
you help affect that?
>> He just showed me Elon
Musk getting something made
for the earth.
I guess we're in trouble still.
>> Sure.
>> Not maybe now,
but it's coming.
>> Yeah, yeah.
Well, if we keep it up this way.
>> He does say that
I'm hungry, though.
>> Says that you're hungry.
Please eat.
Oh, I'm sorry.
Bill, can we just-- we'll
table this, and then--
Before we leave you alone
in your ether world--
>> He's like that
annoying voice.
>> --on your white beach.
Are you fishing on
your white beach?
What are you doing there?
Are you drinking whiskey?
>> Better.
Way better.
>> Way better.
>> He just showed me like
a tidal wave of what.
>> Tidal wave of what?
>> That it's like a--
it really does come down
to math and science,
that he put an equation
together that will
get the right taste of whatever
it is that you're looking for.
>> I see.
So what you're
saying is is when you
want to experience something
like a white beach,
it's a mathematical equation.
Is that correct?
>> It is.
Thank you.
But you don't have to
take it to that extent.
So when he-- thank you.
So remember in the beginning
of this conversation,
how you liked to go--
you want to figure out the
travel velocity, and the speed,
and everything else.
You guys have a calling.
So when you're over there
playing on the other side,
you want to go to
the other places,
and you're interested
on how that happens.
>> Yeah, how does it happen?
Describe it like if--
Bill, if you wanted to move and
suddenly be in, I don't know,
Rome or Paris--
>> He just showed
me, like, flying off.
Just getting into the matrix,
it takes you right there.
>> Takes you right there.
So is it that you--
>> Instantly.
>> Do you shift your
energy mentally,
and then you appear there?
>> He almost pulled there.
>> OK.
So more like magnets
going across the table.
Like--
>> Bingo.
It is like magnets.
It just automatically takes you
where you're supposed to go.
And you don't question it.
>> Don't question--
not to think about it.
>> You don't question it.
So it's like, we get in our
head, and we think about it.
Should we go?
Should we not go?
>> Yeah, yeah.
And you just are open to it.
>> For them, you just go,
because you're pulled to it.
So if somebody
needs you, they'll
feel that, which is that
frequency, that telephone
ringing.
Am I right?
Am I saying that right?
Yeah.
>> So let me ask you this.
Since you're sort
of outside of time,
we could be having
this conversation here,
and you could also be
having a conversation
with somebody else like Louise,
or your son, or our friend
Lori, and sort of
tapping them on the head,
let's say, at the
same moment you're
tapping Jennifer on the head.
So is that--
>> He said the shoulder.
>> Or on the shoulder.
Let me ask you a question
Jim, about Jim Cameron.
Jim said that he had
a vision of the--
>> "Avatar."
>> The "Avatar," of
the blue creatures,
or he had a dream when he
was like in high school.
What was that?
What was he seeing?
Are those actual-- are there
people on another planet?
Was that what--
>> He's laughing.
He goes, they were martians.
He showed me Africa.
Did his dad to go
to Africa by chance?
Do you know?
>> I don't know.
>> There was something
with an African influence.
>> You mean for Jim
Cameron, or for Bill?
>> For Jim Cameron.
For Jim Cameron.
>> What can we ask that an
average person would want
to know about you?
Tell us what your day is like.
What's it like--
I mean, I know the sounds weird.
I know there's not
a day or a time.
But, like, do you sleep?
Do you have a house
where you hang out?
>> There's no sleeping there.
>> No sleeping.
OK.
Do you have a house or a
place that you hang out?
>> On a white beach, yeah.
>> OK.
And is that-- do you go there
for relaxation, or is that,
like--
>> Yeah.
He goes there to think.
[CHUCKLES]
>> OK.
And what do you think about
while you're on the flip side?
>> About how he wants
his next life to be.
>> Class, we're here.
We're in session.
And now, Lu, we're going
to let you moderate this.
>> She just said, we
love it back here.
>> Oh, yeah.
This is a little bit quieter.
So Lu, we want you to help
us moderate this discussion.
So now, one of your--
>> She already was.
>> You already were.
But one of your
students named Bill
has raised his hand
politely and said
he wants to share something.
Would you call on Bill and ask
what does he want to share?
Is it a picture of Jack?
>> Oh my god, that was so funny.
He's like, pick me,
pick me, like the desk.
Like, pick me!
He was so funny.
He just pushed the desk away.
>> All right.
So Bill, what do
you want to say?
>> Thank you, because he
did show me the article.
>> OK, very good.
What did I get wrong?
>> Everything but nothing.
>> All right, very good.
Everything but nothing.
Speak.
Don't edit.
What?
>> He said-- he goes, you didn't
get anything right because you
downplayed it.
>> OK.
All right.
What do you mean by that?
I don't need the credit.
It's OK.
>> Hold on.
Hold on.
Oh.
He goes, did you
talk about his buddy?
>> Donald.
The guy that--
>> No, I didn't mention him.
The Irish guy.
Irish name.
>> The guy that I read?
>> Let me ask you this, Bill.
So the last time
we spoke, you were
talking about the
precision of creating
a mathematical sequence.
So you're on a white beach.
You said it was a
mathematical equation.
So we're also doing
that here, aren't we?
These are all the props are
all mathematical equations
that we are perceiving here.
>> That's why we've been seeing
Einstein so many times, yes.
>> So that idea of the object
that we think of holding
the coffee is literally
atoms agreeing to--
>> Collectively, yes.
>> --collectively take that
spot, and the coffee in there,
blah, blah, blah, right?
>> Blah, blah, blah.
OK.
Which accounts for
pizza and cappuccino.
[CHUCKLES]
>> It was interesting.
He's like, allow the
process, however--
thank you.
[CHUCKLES] He's showing
me you talking to me,
saying, don't judge it.
It's actually so-- it's
like sleep, sleep, right?
>> Yeah, yeah.
>> Dreaming.
So they show me, like, don't
judge it, blah, blah, blah.
They have-- by
making it more wrong,
it's like more of a documentary.
>> Yeah, yeah.
>> We're not asking
people to believe in it.
Again, that's-- I mean, I was
thinking about this earlier.
That should be the
title of the book.
It's not our job to make
you believe anything.
>> OK.
That could be a subtitle of it.
I don't know.
I don't know what
the book is called.
You notice I didn't--
Billy, which one?
He wants his name
above the title?
"Bill Paxton Speaks."
That's not a bad title.
All right, that's fine.
We'll discuss that.
So how is this
research that would--
>> Unearthly answers.
>> All right.
Well, how are these
unearthly answers
going to help our planet?
What's the point?
>> The first thing is
that, even with friction,
it raises the vibration.
They show me the vibration being
raised, the consciousness--
>> OK.
So the reason--
>> And eventually, if
there's enough people--
because the skeptics that are
going to want to come in have
the view of being a
skeptic in this recording,
like you have been--
>> Yeah.
>> Thanks [CHUCKLING]
for making me the person.
Then more people can talk to
more people on the other side,
because they don't
believe they can.
>> OK.
>> And I've never
confirmed this.
>> How is talking to people on
the other side going to help
people here?
>> Because they'll understand
that they have help from
the other side.
>> OK.
And why do they need
to understand that?
>> So they can start believing
in what they're being given.
If they can start--
>> Believing in what
they're being given.
Of our classmates, Julian
Barratt had said to me,
I don't particularly want to
know what's going to happen.
>> Right.
This isn't telling them
what's going to happen.
It's telling them how--
>> To process what is happening.
>> How to coexist and detach.
They showed me Buddha.
>> OK.
But how to process what
really is happening.
>> Right.
And that would be inclusive of--
that your attachment to
things is a waste of time.
>> Non-reality.
>> But things that
aren't of the heart.
That things are not about-- so--
>> It's just props.
Just the stage.
>> But it's important to be able
to say that you stay attached
to the things of the
heart, is that correct,
and not just detach
yourself from everything.
>> Yes.
>> OK.
Because people get
confused with that.
>> If you love drugs, it's
not a good attachment.
>> You just detach
yourself from that.
But no, but--
>> That's an addiction.
That's the difference.
>> But people do this thing of,
they see this Buddhism is about
non-attachment.
And while they try to
practice non-attachment,
they detach themselves
from their mother,
from their father,
from their children.
And they go off
and live in a cave.
And the point is not
to go live in a cave.
You're here for a reason.
But hold on to the attachment
to the stuff that's real.
And the vanity, the vanum
populatum, let that all go.
Is that correct, or should I
not talk Latin to you guys?
>> He just brought in a whole--
yes, that is correct.
Love is a higher frequency.
So if it's too--
you know--
>> So love is a
higher frequency.
I hear that.
Love is a higher frequency.
>> Yes.
>> So if you're going to make
a wish that you want to come
true, attach love to it.
>> Yes.
>> Let love be the vehicle
to ride this thought,
this prayer into the universe.
>> Right.
Don't attach it, but feel it.
>> Yeah.
I'm just saying, if
love's a higher frequency,
if tuning into love,
tuning into love
allows you to have
greater reactions--
>> They're trying to
get away of terminology.
And I know you're going
to have to explain it,
but getting away from
ter-- because it's quicker
to just condition it.
>> Well, I understand.
But I'm just saying--
I get this asked a lot.
Like, how do I--
so the answer is--
you can ask for assistance,
is what he's saying.
>> Right.
Because then they'll
start getting pictures
that come into your mind.
And then you can dive
in further with that.
>> And allow whoever the
icon to be is the icon.
>> Yes.
>> Whoever that might be.
So whether it's
Jesus the gardener,
or if it's the Avatar.
Or Buddha.
>> Right.
Now, Billy Paxton
wanted to say something.
>> OK, Billy.
Oh, yes, I have
something for Billy.
Go ahead.
>> Don't worry
about-- he's like,
tell Rich don't worry about
how to get this work--
because we're kind
of done right now--
these books out.
Everyone's interested in it.
He says not to worry
about getting it--
however to get it out, or.
He said, everybody's
interested in it.
>> OK.
I think as long as-- whatever.
I think we're on the
right path, which
is, we're not claiming
we're talking to anybody.
But we knew these people.
We know who they are.
And they verified who they are.
So you can come up
with a logical reason
of how they can verify who
they are with neither one of us
knowing what it is
they're talking about,
and then finding
out to be accurate.
>> Right.
To a T.
>> Yeah.
I was revisiting the
Harry Dean tape yesterday,
going through what
Harry Dean had
to say about this whole--
everything he had to say
was so right on the money.
>> It's awesome.
I win!
>> What?
>> I said, I win.
>> [CHUCKLES] You win.
All right, well, I
think some of your pals
have opened up their
mind a little bit.
>> Yeah.
>> I don't know how much, or--
maybe that's why they
won't take my calls.
>> I think a lot of them are--
like they showed me, they
had opened up their--
so you showed me we're
opening up our minds,
and how everybody that's
here, how we're the only two
that are doing this.
It's like trying to get other
people's awareness that are
not-- that don't
believe in this,
it's like trying to blow out a
candle that's never going to--
>> No, it doesn't want
to blow out, yeah.
>> --that won't go out at all.
>> It's a waste of energy.
>> Right.
>> Interesting.
>> Well, he said, does it take
a lot more time to get through
to somebody that is cut off?
They said, no, it's impossible.
>> Right.
How about you, Billy?
Anything you want
to talk about, or--
>> Yeah, it makes me
feel better when they do.
Right?
>> When they do?
When they do what?
>> When they open up.
>> When they open
up, like Harry said.
>> Right.
>> Well, it was such a waste
of time, a waste of energy.
If he had just allowed
himself to have believed
in the possibility, it
would have saved him
all that time and effort.
>> They're all laughing
over that one still.
They're all laughing.
>> Billy.
And Billy want to say something?
>> Yeah.
>> Please, Billy.
Come on forward.
What do you want to say, buddy?
>> Get over it.
Reach out to her, he says.
>> [CHUCKLES] OK, no.
I tell you what, Billy.
>> I know.
>> Give me something to say that
she would know comes from you
and not me.
>> OK.
Tell her that he came in a dream
to her a couple nights ago.
That's what it feels like.
Couple nights ago.
And that he's trying
to get through to her.
There's changes that she's
really confused about making.
I feel like he was always there
for her, so there's changes--
I don't know if it was college.
I don't know.
Kids.
>> Yeah, yeah.
Decisions.
>> Decisions that are being made
that are very tough, he says.
Tell her that he's in con--
like, if she asks questions,
tell her he's there helping her.
>> So listen.
>> Bingo.
>> Listen.
OK.
And so can I tell her
what Michael Lutin told
us, which is, just
ask the questions,
and when they're
answered before you
can come up with an
answer, that means
you're connected to spirit?
>> Yes, without
mentioning Michael Lutin.
[CHUCKLES]
>> No, I won't.
No, no.
>> But yes.
Yeah.
>> That's-- OK.
And you think this is
OK for me to reach out
to her on Instagram?
>> Whatever it takes.
>> Gee, thanks.
>> It's important, he says.
>> OK.
>> This is the greatest way to
find out if he's even talk--
I know you gave us names
and every-- he just
showed me William again, like
how you're able to document.
>> No, no, no.
It's all right.
Listen, I understand.
Look, Bill, I'll do my best, OK?
What can I say?
I need your help.
I want you-- if you can,
Bill, when she reads something
that I wrote, I'll have
to do it in like three
different Instagram posts.
I think I'll probably start
with, I knew your dad.
I hope you're OK.
And then the second
one will be--
should I have her
contact Jennifer?
Because I can--
>> Not yet.
He says the wants the
whole family together,
when they're all
on the same page.
>> OK.
So think about it, Billy.
I'm sending her a message that
says, hi, I knew your dad,
and I had a dream--
can I say this?
I had a dream about
him the other night
where he told me
he was trying to--
>> Perfect, he says.
>> --he was trying
to reach out to you.
>> Perfect.
>> And that--
>> In his dream.
In her dream.
>> In her dream, and that
he wants you to know that
he's helping you.
OK?
He's there for you.
>> Tell her that she doesn't
have to worry about what she
has to do, or what she's
going to be doing in June.
>> Dude.
Dude, it's too specific.
>> [CHUCKLES] That's
what I do for a living.
>> I know, but it's
scary specific, OK?
[MUSIC PLAYING]
Can you bring my
friend Bill forward?
>> He said Bill has
been waiting for you.
>> OK, very good.
>> Bill, what do you want to
say to your family and friends?
>> Was he unable to say
goodbye before he passed?
>> Yes.
>> Yeah.
It must have been
quick, or no closure.
>> No closure.
So we can give them
closure, buddy,
because you know
I know your wife.
And I haven't met your
kids, but we were friends,
and what would you
like to say to them?
>> That's it, that
I have closure.
I am at peace.
He knows that he didn't
get to say goodbye.
There's no closure.
It feels like they still have
that wound because there was
no closure before he passed.
Or he must not have been
able to say goodbye.
He keeps going like
this, which means,
didn't get to say
goodbye before I passed.
>> But what does he
look like to you?
>> I actually don't
see him at all.
He just makes me do
that with my hand.
>> OK.
Do you feel a sensation or
a presence surrounding you?
>> Mm-hm, mm-hm.
Did he have heart issues?
Chest?
>> Yes.
>> Yeah.
All the energy goes into
the heart and the chest
to validate his presence.
And he makes me feel like his
passing was quick, like he
didn't get to say goodbye.
But he's at peace with
the quickness of it,
and I have closure with that.
And I want them to have closure.
They need to have closure.
>> So Billy, the only way we
can get them closure is for you
to tell them something--
>> Who?
>> --that they don't know the
answer to, or we don't know
the answer.
Is there anything you could
tell that's new information?
>> All I heard when you
were talking was, I'm sorry.
>> Is that sorry to
me, or sorry to them?
>> No, I think it's to them.
>> OK.
You don't have to
apologize to me, too.
It's OK!
But here's the thing.
Now that this door
is open, we can
have conversations with them.
We can help them!
Because, you know, come on.
You and I talked about
being in a movie together,
and now's your chance.
I'm directing you in a movie.
>> Was he on medication, or was
there something with medicine?
I don't know.
You can maybe ask his family.
>> Well, he was
getting an operation,
and they were fixing his
heart, and then he died.
>> There's something-- he's
showing me a pill bottle,
and that's my
symbol for somehow--
>> Oh, so were they
giving him out--
>> --medicine.
>> You know what, they could
have had you on heart medicine.
>> Well, but it's
more than that.
Medicine was involved somehow
with his health or his passing.
>> But here's my thing.
You've passed all that.
It's OK.
You're back home.
Are you there with
your soul group?
Are there people there that
were there to greet you?
Who greeted you when
you checked out?
>> I'm comfortable.
Would you know if
his dad was there--
if his dad was
passed before he did?
>> Yeah, his dad
had passed away.
>> Because I see "dad"
written in the air, so--
>> Last time that
I saw you, dude,
I invited you to a screening
of one of my films.
And I heard you in the audience,
but I didn't talk to you.
So how'd you like that film?
>> This is what I hear.
When you said, but I
didn't talk to you,
he says, but I talked to you.
>> [CHUCKLES] Yes, we
talked on the phone prior
to the screening.
But then, dude, you
were at the screening.
I didn't-- I haven't
talked to you since!
>> When you said, how did you
like the film, I asked him,
I said, can you comment on it?
How'd you like the film?
It's either he feels
so much like you,
and wanted to do something
similar, or did similar work,
or he felt like it was him.
>> Oh, you were jealous!
He was jealous.
>> Like, it seems like--
>> Competitive.
>> He sees himself in it.
>> OK, very good.
>> He sees--
>> Yes.
He could have been in it.
It's true.
>> He feels like he's
represented by it,
or something.
He feels connected to it
like it represents him.
He feels that close--
>> --to his life.
Oh, that's true.
We did spend some time
together in that place.
Well, Billy, I just
wanted to tell you,
I want to leave this
door open for you.
I knew I was
interviewing Kim today,
and I thought, well, this would
be a fun chance to just say hi,
and you can come
through whenever
you need to, if you need to.
>> He says-- he feels like
he would be a smart alec.
>> He was.
>> He says, well, you always
have the chance to say hi.
You don't need her.
That's what he's saying.
>> Well, no, I know that.
I'm just saying.
I just want to--
>> He's just being a smart alec.
>> I just wanted to
publicly acknowledge us
as a conversation so that--
and I don't know if
I'll see your wife.
I think I got to go up
the state to see her.
But we have a mutual friend Lori
that might be talking to you.
Rocky.
Might be talking to
Rocky, people like that.
So I'm just saying.
If I can help you in
some way, don't hesitate
to stop by and check it out.
Now, aren't you a
little impressed
to be introduced by Jesus?
>> He's a smart alec.
He's like razzing you.
>> What does he say?
>> He says--
[CHUCKLES]
He's like, well, what
are you talking about?
We go way back.
Like when you talk about,
aren't you impressed,
he's like, what are
you talking about?
We go way back.
And then he's kind of
like, where are you?
But he's just kind
of beating you up.
You know how, I guess--
>> No, no.
That was our relationship.
And when you're looking
at us sitting here
at Hugo's Restaurant in West
Hollywood, what do you see?
>> Like it's about time--
I don't know if you've been
hesitant to talk to him,
or open up, or something,
but he's like--
>> It's about time.
>> He keeps going like this.
>> Very good, Billy.
Well, listen, I called
you, you didn't call me.
What can I say?
I'm still waiting
to hear from you.
>> Did he smoke?
>> Probably.
>> Because he's like--
>> I hadn't seen him in about
20 years, something like that.
10, 15-- 15 years.
>> He's got like a--
it must be a cigar, because it
feels bigger than a cigarette.
>> He's a sweetheart.
Listen, he's very missed.
A lot of people loved him.
Funny guy.
>> He's very-- he is.
He feels like he
knows no stranger,
like that kind of person.
>> So what was the biggest thing
you learned in passing over?
>> [CHUCKLES]
There is no time.
There is no death, he says.
And he didn't realize how much
fear he had until he died.
>> OK.
>> Until he came here.
Until I came here, he says.
>> You had spent a lot of
time worried about your heart,
I know.
>> There's no fear.
There's no time.
>> But everybody-- are you aware
of all of these tributes that
are happening?
Let me ask you this.
Have you had your
past life review yet?
Has that happened?
>> Mm-hm.
He makes it seem like
that was a long time ago.
>> OK.
Oh.
Well, all right.
And any highlights you want
to share, or low-lights?
Anything that you were surprised
to see, or were happy about,
or?
>> Wow.
It's interesting perspective.
He says that he realizes--
says that-- I'll
just say verbatim.
I'll speak as if I'm him.
He says, I'll say this.
I realized the fear that
I carried within myself
planted fear in others.
And for that, I shed
remorse, meaning,
like, I know and
acknowledge my remorse,
and I have to heal in that way.
Because he's showing the
collateral damage he did.
So for example-- this is what
he's saying to give an example.
If we walk around, like, I'm
so worried about my heart,
I'm so worried about--
then other people think, oh
gosh, I should be worried too.
And so it created
collateral damage,
because we then
believe in our fears,
and it created this
collateral damage, he said.
He didn't realize
how much he did
that, like just worried just
about stuff that was minute,
he says.
>> So how did you like
the memorial service?
I didn't-- I wasn't able to--
I mean, I wasn't invited.
But--
>> When you said that, he
stood up and did a salute.
>> Loved it.
>> So it's his way of approving.
>> Your friend Donald,
the Scottish guy,
he's been writing some
really wonderful stuff.
Donald Loeb, I
think his name is.
Been writing stuff.
And your friends have been
writing stuff on Facebook.
Are you aware of that?
Is that something that
you can read up on,
or does it not interest you?
>> Mm-mm.
It feels no connection.
>> So do you watch over
your wife and kids,
or how does that work?
>> He says to tell you that he
can connect emotionally to his
friends, but not so much--
like, I get-- he's like,
when it goes to social media,
it has an emotional imprint,
but it's almost like invisible
to them.
>> OK, very good.
Just curious.
Because what happens is
people do read about you,
and then they cry again.
They feel badly again.
So is there any one
thing you want me
to tell your friends and fans?
What would be one good phrase?
It could be sarcastic,
mean, snarky.
Humorless.
>> Oh, he's funny.
I like his personality.
He's one of those people that is
going to give you a little bit
just to make you want more.
When you said, is
there anything you
want me to tell your friends,
or family, or whatever,
he literally said, I can fly.
And he's playing, like,
(SINGING) I can fly, I can fly.
>> OK, great!
>> But he's laughing,
because it's almost like,
I know they want more, but
this is what I'll give them.
I can fly.
>> Can you tell
Kim your last name?
>> [CHUCKLES] Why?
That's what he did.
>> That's what he did.
OK, very good.
I know your last name.
>> I said, are you sure?
And he's like
checking his pockets.
Nope, he says.
>> Come on, Billy.
Why not?
This is important.
>> That's what he did.
He went like this.
>> Because I have a number
of Billies who passed away,
and so I have to sort out which
one of my Billies is here.
>> Whichever one had
the heart issues.
Passed quickly.
Didn't get to say goodbye.
>> All right, all right,
all right, all right.
I get it.
OK, man.
I appreciate that.
>> He's pulling his energy back.
>> And so now--
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> Well, Billy, what's your
visual impression of us?
How do we appear to you?
>> [CHUCKLES]
He showed me the
back of your head.
>> Yeah, that big
bald spot back there.
>> Hold on.
It's interesting.
So when I'm looking at you, he
can see what I'm looking at.
Then when you're
looking at me, he
can see what you're looking at.
And that's what makes
the whole picture.
>> It's shifting
that consciousness.
>> It's just in here.
So just like when I do a
lens change, I'm doing--
yeah, it's a shift
in consciousness.
Now, what do-- hold on.
When it's dark,
you can see more.
So when it's light out, it looks
dark, because it just blinds--
>> I see.
I understand.
Almost like--
>> So then when it's night
over here, everything--
>> It's easier to see.
>> Energy.
Because otherwise,
it's washed out.
I understand.
>> It's washed out.
>> OK.
And let me ask you this.
When somebody thinks about you--
and you have millions of
fans all over the planet.
So when someone
thinks about you,
do you show up by accident?
Are you pulled to them?
Or do you only show up to people
that you want to connect with?
How does that work?
>> He gets to be everywhere.
>> Wow, OK.
So equally, you could be
in Bangladesh right now,
somebody watching a movie--
>> That's so interesting.
Hold on one second.
>> It's like he's the ocean.
You can be the ocean with--
if I'm seeing this
right-- hold on.
He can see what's
going on in the ocean.
Like everything that's hap--
so if he was the ocean, and
the fish and everything else
represents the people, he's
able to encompass all of that.
>> And be everywhere
at the same time.
>> Be everywhere
>> Same time simultaneously.
>> That's-- good!
[CLICKS TONGUE]
>> So I was talking to Kim
Babcock in Hugo's Restaurant
about two weeks ago, and we
were asking him questions about
what's going on.
And an odd thing happened where,
afterwards, her dad called
on the phone back in Ohio.
And she said, what
are you doing, honey?
And he said, I'm watching
that movie "Twister."
>> [CHUCKLES]
>> Is that just a coincidence?
Or is that--
>> Reaffirmation, or re--
>> Reaffirmation.
So how would you
organize that event?
>> He already saw it ha--
OK.
I'll let him tell me.
Hold on.
You're welcome.
OK.
His analogies are awesome.
So what he used was like all
the ingredients to make a pizza.
So all the ingredients make
up whatever the coincidence
is supposed to be.
It just happens.
And the person that needs
it the most, the pizza,
is the one that eats it.
So all of the--
did I say that right?
>> The one that is
attracted to it.
>> Right.
All the to-- everything.
The flour has to-- like
everything makes up
the frequency.
So all the matrix happens--
it happens all at once.
>> So let's just say the idea--
>> And he can see that.
He can see what's happening by--
wait.
Hold on.
That was interesting.
I was like, is it your
needs or our needs?
Is it your need to talk
to this person, or is it--
for the first
time, I didn't know
the-- it wasn't
something consciously
that I know the answer.
So I'm like, wait a second.
Is it you creating all
this for your own answers,
or is it us creating the need?
Doesn't matter?
No, I guess it doesn't, does it?
>> Well, on some--
>> But it has to--
like a battery being placed.
It has to be able to fire.
>> Has to be in place.
>> It has to be in place.
>> But for example, somebody
hearing a song on the radio--
or the "Twister" thing.
>> Yes.
>> Here's a guy
watching "Twister."
I don't think it was on--
>> He made him stop
the channel to there.
>> To there.
OK.
>> Yeah.
He puts his awareness.
So when he's trying
to figure things out,
he puts everything
he can into that.
>> And so for example,
so I'm talking to Kim,
and Kim's father is going to
call right as we're having this
conversation--
>> He just went like this.
>> --but he hasn't called.
Right, so he's talented at that.
But so you put the
thought in his mind
to watch the movie "Twister"
like, oh, that'll be cool,
knowing that, in a few
minutes, she's going to call.
>> Yes.
She had a need for
some type of affir--
>> Affirma-- ah, she needed, OK.
>> And that was the end-all.
>> Excellent.
And that's my question.
So because time is a c--
>> She had a need.
It's the negative and
positive, he showed me.
It's both sides of the--
>> Well, but also, that idea,
since we're outside of time,
the ability to manipulate events
from where you are is easier
to do.
Is that correct?
>> Of course.
>> So where are my
lottery tickets?
>> [CHUCKLES] You
asked for a dollar.
>> [CHUCKLES] Dude.
All right, so--
>> By the way, Rich asked for
the numbers for the lottery,
I gave him the numbers,
and he won a dollar.
>> [CHUCKLES] And then
when I won the dollar,
I heard a voice in my head say,
not very specific, were ya?
>> [LAUGHS]
So you reaching out to them
necessarily isn't for you.
It's for them to be more open.
>> Oh.
What do you mean,
people over there?
>> No.
>> People over here.
>> His wife is--
>> Oh, I see.
OK, reaching out to that, yeah.
>> So that conversation is
going to make it to where
they're going to
question it, right?
Good, bad, or indifferent.
But then they're not
going to let it go.
>> I understand.
Well, that's important.
>> It's not for you, he says.
>> It's not for me.
I get that.
It's all about me, Bill.
>> Always.
>> It may seem to be about you.
Just because you're on
the flip side doesn't--
>> He just showed me me.
He goes, yes!
[CHUCKLES]
>> Just because you're on the
flip side doesn't make you
still more important, even
though you're much more famous
than I'll ever be.
>> I just laughed.
I'm like, I did love
you in "Titanic."
He goes, I know.
Thank you.
>> Yeah, he was
really good in that.
He was pretty cute
in that, wasn't he?
>> He was cute.
Got it.
OK, thank you.
He's not saying
it's going to work,
but it's going get him
thinking, his son thinking.
Tell him he talked
to someone like me.
Doesn't have to be
necessarily me, but tell
him that you talked to
somebody that actually works--
give him, like-- whatever.
>> All right.
So Bill, any last words that
you want to have for us,
or anything you want to pass
along beside your wisdom and--
>> He said thank you.
>> Well, dude, thank you, man.
Look, we're--
>> He didn't believe
in this stuff.
>> We're having more conver--
>> He did.
He's like, doo-doo-doo-doo.
But--
>> We're having more lovely
conversations now than we did
while you were on the planet.
>> It's a frequency.
>> Yeah.
Dude, cool.
And he says yours is strong.
>> Well, listen.
If there's any way I can
help you and your family,
I'm happy to.
I understand.
>> Might be difficult at first.
It's not that they're
going to respond,
but it's going to make
them think, he says.
It's going to make them open up.
They're hurting.
>> Cool.
Yeah, and I'm sure they are.
And--
>> Be your weird self.
>> Yeah, I'm just
going to be myself.
Like I care.
If people believe me or
not, it doesn't matter.
I'm here to help.
>> He loves you.
>> I love you too, dude.
>> That's cool.
Yeah.
>> Peace out.
>> Hey, Miss Raylene.
How are you doing?
>> I'm doing fantastic, Elisa.
How about yourself?
>> I'm doing excellent.
And I guess our boy is there.
Erik, I love you so much.
>> He is here.
He says, hello, mama.
I love you very much too.
He's excited.
>> And so we're going to bring
in a good buddy of my friend
Rich Martini, a filmmaker,
Bill Paxton, the movie star.
He was on "Twister"
and some other things.
Great guy.
Died way too young.
Erik, can you go get him?
>> He's here already, and Bill
says that was one of many.
He says, the movie that I really
enjoyed creating was "Titanic."
He says, that was
one of my favorites.
And--
>> Oh, you were on that?
>> Yes.
>> Wow, I had no idea.
>> He says it was awful hard.
>> Oh, wow.
What was your favorite
other than that?
>> "Twister."
>> Yeah, I loved it.
>> Cow!
Another cow!
I remember that.
That was awesome.
All right, so do you mind if
we ask you some questions?
I've got Richard's
questions, but I'm also
going to ask you
some questions that
have some spiritual value that
might be learning opportunities
for the viewers.
>> He's ready for this, and he
says thank you for giving him
the opportunity to
get his voice across.
>> Well, certainly.
Do you have any messages
for your buddy Rich?
>> So he's sitting
down, and he says,
Rich was more than
a buddy to me.
He was a really close
friend who I loved dearly.
He says, my departure has
been extremely hard for him,
and it has been extremely
hard for my family.
He says, I want
everybody to know
that I am happy and healthy.
He showed me that his heart is
the reason why he passed over.
So I had heart complications
with an operation,
and I didn't expect to die,
and nobody expected me to die.
So this was very
sudden for people--
my family members to take on.
He's telling Rich to be patient.
He says, because there's going
to be big changes for him
this coming year in regards
to his filmmaking industry.
>> Will he ever get involved
in any of the stuff related
to Channeling Erik?
>> Yes.
He said he is going to.
His work right now is
going to be mainly focused
on spirituality, or almost
investigating the afterlife.
That's what he's
going to be doing.
He does good when he puts things
all together, and very much
like a poster
board or a collage.
And this is how he can figure
out what his next step is.
>> Kind of like a
vision board, maybe.
>> Yes.
Yes.
>> All right.
So here's one of his questions.
Who was there to greet you
when you crossed over, Bill?
>> You're a smart ass.
He said God.
>> Oh, well, of course.
>> He's being a smart
ass, is what he's doing.
He says, I had family members
that were there to greet me.
My first family member
was a grandmother,
and she was connected to his
mother's side of the family.
This has helped
him to transition.
He says his transition was
really shocking for him,
because he wasn't
expecting to pass away.
So as he crossed
over, it was a shock.
He didn't realize
that I was dead.
>> Oh, wow.
Anybody else meet you around the
same time as your grandmother?
>> Yeah.
He's also showing
me a gentleman.
And he has the
gentleman here with him.
He's connected to
father, so this is either
his father or someone
on his father's side.
>> OK.
Probably his father.
Yeah.
>> He says father.
>> OK.
All right.
What was the cause of you
crossing over specifically?
So a heart complication when you
were having some surgery, or?
I don't know.
I haven't read anything
about you, sorry.
>> He says he had a
stroke during surgery.
>> Oh, gosh.
>> And that's why
he passed away.
It wasn't expected.
He had heart complications
while he was alive,
and he was going in
for an operation.
I'm so sorry.
He says--
>> Was it part of
your-- go ahead.
>> That's what he was
just talking about.
He says that it was part of his
contract to leave when he did.
>> Ah.
Yeah.
>> He's mentioning his daughter
and his son that are still
currently living right now.
These two individuals,
they're not
struggling as much as they were.
They're starting to come
out of this darkness.
His daughter specifically
is encountering--
having experiences with
him, but she's aware of it.
So he wants her to
know that it's real,
and she's not losing her mind.
It is her dad that's
coming to visit them.
>> Awesome.
So what was the purpose of
your spiritual contract,
to die so young?
>> So he's really funny.
He says, my first mission with
my contract was to come in
and to shed light on
the humanity on Earth.
He says, I wanted to
bring laughter and humor
to people, because during my
time frame of when I came in,
a lot of people were
born without humor,
or they had a foot up their ass.
>> Oh!
>> He says, my movies and my
attitude came to enlighten
the world.
Now, the reason why I left
at such an early age in life
was to give my relatives
the experience of loss.
He says, although I knew I was
going to transition at the age
I did, when my death happened,
it was still shocking for me,
because I wasn't expecting
it, as most people don't.
He's showing me his hair.
He's got a head full of hair.
It's dark.
He's probably about,
I'd say, 6-foot tall.
But he's pointing out his hair
being in really good condition.
It almost has a wave to
it, but it's slicked back.
And he says, I still
have my good hair.
>> Oh, yeah.
You're proud of your hair, huh?
You were handsome!
You were a handsome dude!
>> He's very good-looking.
>> Mm-hm.
>> Aw.
He says, I didn't realize
that my looks were as good
as they were when I was alive.
I battled with
self-confidence issues,
which is why I tended to
make fun of myself a lot.
I made it a joke,
because I didn't realize
I was as good-looking as I was.
Something--
>> Well, why did you have
self-esteem issues, Bill?
>> So he's talking about some
of the self-esteem issues coming
in from previous lifetimes.
Something that had followed him.
And he says, when I
would look in the mirror,
I just didn't see
prettiness or handsomeness.
It's something
that I didn't see.
But what I seen was beyond
the pretty or the handsome.
I see humor and a
good person, which
is why I went into the
industry that I went into.
>> Who are you hanging
out with over there?
>> With quite a bit
of people, he says.
But I'm learning quite
a bit from your son.
He's thanking you for
sharing him with him, because
without Erik, I
wouldn't have learned
how to manipulate energy the
way that I learned very quickly.
He says, Erik is a
really good teacher.
>> Yeah, he really is.
And so are you
learning that in part
to communicate with
your daughter, or?
>> Yes.
>> What else do you use
energy manipulation for?
>> Says, I'm learning how
to manipulate electronics,
computers, cellphones,
lights, TVs.
He says, when things
start malfunctioning,
know that I'm around.
He's laughing.
He says, Rich, you know
what I'm talking about.
>> All right.
Who else are you
hanging out with?
>> So he's got his father.
He's also got a grandmother.
He's got Paul Walker who
he's hanging out with.
>> Mm-hm.
Any other actors you're hanging
out with at all over there,
beside Paul Walker?
>> He's not an actor.
Prince.
>> OK.
Who else?
>> He's got two gentlemen
that are coming forward.
I cannot get the name of
him for the life of me.
I can tell you that it's
somebody that he's worked with
and he's created movies with.
>> OK.
>> He's showing a business
partner being associated with
him.
Not just one movie.
It was multiples.
The movie that I'm looking
at, it's going to be--
do you know the movie "Alien?"
>> Yeah.
>> It's like that.
>> OK.
In other interviews,
somebody said
that you also were hanging out
with the actor in "Big Love."
I've heard of that movie,
but I know nothing about it.
The actor's name is
Harry Dean Stanton.
>> That's the second
gentleman that's here.
>> What do you miss about being
on the planet, if anything?
>> Physical touch
and smelling things.
He says, you don't really
realize how you can't really
smell anything, or how you have
no desire to smell anything
when you're dead.
He said, so my
desire to have smells
that are on Earth, such
as flowers, grass--
really?
He says poop.
>> Ew!
How about your socks?
Whatever.
>> Right.
You know, the dirty stuff.
He says, you miss those smells
when you cross over because you
don't produce them anymore.
Now, granted, you can create
any smell that you want,
and any food, but it's
not tangible like what
you have on Earth.
>> Yeah, yeah.
OK, so where do you
hang out while you're
over there, usually?
>> He says I'm in between roles.
He says, a lot of times,
I dance in my energy
to stay in the third
dimension where humans are,
because I have family that
is still young, and is still
needing me around.
So I like to keep my presence
around, a lot like Erik does.
He's taught me how
to dance in my energy
so that people can feel me.
He says, aside from that,
I have crossed over fully,
but I do not choose to be
completely over, as I am still
trying to be a part
of my family's life.
He's showing me that he really
likes to ride cars and--
is that a motorcycle?
It's some form of bike.
It's really loud.
It doesn't look like
your average motorcycle,
so it's a different
type of bike.
>> OK.
>> And he says, these are the
types of things that I miss
quite a bit.
His food, his tasting.
He likes Italian food, and
he's missing noodles and things
like that.
>> All right.
So when you do create
a landscape in heaven,
what's your favorite to create?
>> Looking at a racing track.
Bunch of cars going around.
And he has created it
like instantaneously.
It's not something
that he's worked on.
He flashed a snap of
a finger, and I've
got a racetrack in front of me.
>> Oh my god, you're so lucky.
Do you prefer mountains,
meadows, forests, beaches?
What kind of landscape
do you prefer above all?
The ocean?
I don't know.
>> He has water.
He's showing me ocean.
And he enjoys mountains,
but he enjoys the water more
than he does mountains.
>> OK.
>> He explains to me that he
would often find himself really
going and finding his own
thoughts when he was out
in nature, or when
he was around water.
This is when I would
really figure out things,
and I would have ideas that
would come to me about movies.
Or I would have a knowing of,
I've got to go to this state
because I'm going
to have a job there.
He says, so when I found
time to go out in nature,
this is when I gathered
my thoughts the most.
>> So you were able to tap into
your intuition when you were
in nature, I guess.
>> Yeah.
He was really connected
to spirituality
before he passed away.
He says, so I knew that
there was life before death,
but what I didn't know was this.
What does that mean?
The structure of how life is.
He says, you automatically
assume that your physical body
is not going to live on.
He says, the physical
body doesn't live on,
but you still carry what that
physical body had with it.
He says, I was just
more of a light being,
and I was able to put
myself into another place
with a thought.
I didn't have to
walk, but it was
very much like
walking, but thinking.
He says--
>> You talk about now,
over where you are, right?
>> Yeah.
>> OK.
>> He says, I wasn't
expecting it to be this--
he keeps snapping his fingers.
I can be anywhere I want
within the snap of a finger
and without any
stress coming to me.
>> Mm.
Do you have any regrets about
your journey here on Earth?
>> Wish I would have spent
more time with my children.
Being as I was an actor and I
did quite a bit of traveling,
it did take away time from
me being with my family.
He says, so I just wish I would
have had more time with them.
He says, but I don't
regret my life,
and I don't really regret
anything that I've done.
I just wish I would have
had more time with them.
>> Yes, I bet.
Any messages for
anybody in the family?
>> He gets quite emotional when
he's talking about his family.
And he gets emotional when
he talks about Rich as well.
He says, I just want them
to know that I'm happy,
and I don't want anybody to
stress about any legal matters.
Tell them not to be upset,
and to know that I'm OK.
He's visiting them in dreams.
His daughter specifically is
who's actually getting clear
knowing that he's there.
He planted a seed with
that one, and she's
very open and very intuitive.
He says his son is as well,
but he's more logic-minded,
and so his son is having more
of a harder time with having him
be felt, or being able to
get through that dream,
because of that logic
and the grief that's
still holding him down.
He's telling his family
to play movies of him.
That will raise their
vibration, and this
will help me to come and
visit you more frequently.
My movies are my
laughter and my humor.
He says his
personality was a lot
like a lot of his characters,
with funny and really
nonchalant.
I don't think you
seem very nonchalant.
>> Well, do you have a
specific message, for example,
for your son?
And then your daughter, or
then your wife, or anybody?
>> Yeah.
His son is more with grief
holding him down right now.
He's telling him that he
needs to speak to a therapist,
because he's tending to
hold in his emotions,
and it's not good for him.
He's telling him that he
couldn't have done anything
to prevent this.
None of the family could have.
Had they had done
different testing sooner,
he says my death still
would have happened.
His son is sitting
with grief of,
I could have prevented this,
and you really couldn't have.
He says, so be OK with moving
on knowing that I'm happy
and that I'm at peace.
Bill's daughter--
>> Yeah.
>> His daughter.
She is doing really better than
all of the rest of the family.
>> Well, what message
do you have for her?
>> He's telling her that I
want you to use your voice
and communicating, and I want
you to use your voice with
work.
There's either a movie or a
music, some type of roleplay
that she's going to be doing.
He's telling her
to use her voice.
So if there was a part that
she was trying to try out for,
to use it, connected to music.
Your voice, or even
possibly voiceover.
>> OK.
That's the first thing that
came to my mind, voiceover.
What about anything
for your wife?
>> He said thank
you for that one.
And for his wife, he's
getting emotional.
>> Aw.
OK.
>> He's sitting down.
Erik is holding him on his
shoulder, like a brother.
>> Aw.
>> You're so sweet, Erik.
He says, she was
the love of my life,
and she is the love of my life.
I will continue to
wait for her, and I
will continue to live with her.
No words that I can give
her that can make her
feel any better.
She's lost her other
half, and I feel the grief
that she has lost.
He says, it's OK for you to
move on, and it's OK for you
to be happy.
He's telling her to take care
of her heart and her diet,
because there are some
issues that are going on
for her physically.
>> So tell us what you
think about Rich Martini.
Anything you want to tell him?
Any impressions about his work,
about how y'all became pals?
Anything?
>> He's showing me that
they became friends through
the filming business.
Neither of them were
really well-known
when they started
interacting with each other.
The bond that grew very quickly.
The movie-- this
might even be "Alien."
It looks like the movie
"Alien" that he's showing me.
And it's in connection to that
what sparked a relationship
with him.
He says, that's when my
relationship really grew.
He says, it's the interest
in the paranormal,
and the interest in the movies
that are just unexplainable,
why Rich and I connected.
He says, we're both like-minded.
Rich is more of a soulmate
and not much of a friend.
He's a soulmate.
He says he's the best
friend, and someone who
I lived multiple lives with.
Rich is at a pause
right now, and he
says that he's really not sure
which direction he wants to go.
Rich, you constantly think about
where it is that you're going,
or what you want to do.
Bill is telling you
to go with where
your thoughts are putting you.
And when you find that you're
going to go with something,
don't go back to
your old habits.
He says, stick to one
road and go with it,
even if it gets
hard, or if you feel
like it's not going anywhere.
He says, stick with
it and you will
see change that will happen.
He's talking about
finances changing for Rich,
and it's happening this year.
There's some type of document--
documentary that Rich
is either working on
right now, or there's
something in the progress
that he needs to finish.
This is going to help him turn
the documentary into either--
[AUDIO OUT]
--series, something that's
going to be going on long-term.
>> Either a what?
>> He said a movie or a series.
>> OK, got it.
OK.
Any other advice for Rich?
>> He says, you need
to work on yourself,
and he says that you also need
to take care of your health.
He's not throwing him
under the bus, he says.
So just know that I'm trying
to help you out as a friend.
He says, I'm really
happy that you
have found your way into Rich's
heart, and into Rich's life.
He says, it's not
by coincidence.
This is also something
that is contracted.
Rich is supposed to know
you because of this work
that you are doing
with Erik, and--
>> The work that he's
doing with the afterlife.
>> Yeah, absolutely.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> I first met Bill Paxton in
a pub in London in the fall
of 1985.
He was making a film "Aliens."
Bill told me he was an actor,
but I didn't recognize him
until he laughed.
That laugh.
Otherworldly.
It put you at ease.
It was like family.
Over the years, we toyed
with working together.
He rewrote a script for me.
He was going to star in it.
But show business intervened.
We spent time hanging out at the
Cannes Film Festival together.
Luana was a big fan.
He was a
bigger-than-life person,
but he had a deeply-profound
yet winsome quality to him.
He had the innate ability
to make everyone in the room
feel like everything was
going to be OK because he
was their best friend.
As Kimberly put it
in her interview,
when I asked if I could talk
to my friend Bill, she said,
he's been waiting
to talk to you.
I was thrilled to hear
it, like anyone would be.
Because everyone wants
to talk to Billy.
Everyone wanted to be
part of his journey.
He joked with Jennifer
Shaffer a number
of times about me
making this very film.
Well, buddy, he said, we finally
got to make a film together.
I know how odd that sounds,
but he was the one who said it.
You finally got your
Bill Paxton movie, man!
Yes, indeed.
Knowing that our
loved ones still exist
doesn't make it any
easier when they depart.
But it does ease the
pain to know they still
keep an eye on us
from the flip side.
[CHEERING]
>> American actor Bill Paxton,
who rose to stardom with roles
in Hollywood blockbusters
such as "Aliens" and "Titanic"
has died.
He was 61.
His family issued a
statement saying the actor
died after complications
from surgery.
>> I think I've have always
been a filmmaker at heart.
>> Paxton, who appeared in
dozens of films over some four
decades, recently starred in
the HBO TV series "Big Love."
He won a Screen Actors
Guild award for his role
in "Apollo 13"--
>> It was a pretty
full-on experience.
>> --and was nominated for three
Golden Globe awards for his
work in "Big Love" and the 1990
miniseries "A Bright Shining
Lie."
Paxton leaves behind his
wife and two children.
>> Breaking news right now.
The family of actor
Bill Paxton confirms
he died due to
complications from surgery.
He was just 61 years old.
Earlier this month, Paxton
paid a visit to our studios
to talk about his new CBS
series, "Training Day."
His career spanned
several decades.
He's known for
roles in "Titanic,"
"Apollo 13," and "Aliens."
>> Got some great
salty old mines?
>> My dad was a traveling
salesman for many years.
And he would come home,
and he would come up
with these different
expressions.
A lot of times, on the
movies you're shooting,
the writer's written a line,
but it's pretty clich,
and you want to find a
different way to say it.
When I was doing "True
Lies," for example,
I'm doing this scene where
I'm driving the Corvette,
and I'm trying to sell
Arnold the Corvette.
And I was supposed to be
talking about Jamie Lee Curtis.
I was supposed to be talking
about her breasts to--
and I don't know that this is
her husband I'm talking to.
And so Jim Cameron said, well,
come up with something here.
And I remembered a line my
dad used to say, so I said,
what if I say, her breasts make
me want to stand up and bawl
for buttermilk.
And I--
>> You ever use this on
the ladies, my friend?
[LAUGHTER]
>> Yeah, OK, well, it
was perfect for that.
>> How's that go over at a bar?
>> Your breasts you want
to stand up and bawl
for buttermilk.
Later, at the hospital--
[CHUCKLING]
--Mr. Paxton, wake up!
>> After "Twister," I couldn't
do a bigger commercial film.
And it was a special
effects-driven movie
about the tornadoes.
And so as an actor,
I didn't really
get to do a heck of
a lot in that movie.
So I wanted to get
back to do the kind
of character-driven
work that I got
to do in a picture a
few years ago called
"One False Move," which was
a great independent film,
and was one of the best acting
roles that ever came down
the road for me.
And I wanted to get back
to doing that kind of work.
I like to kind of mix it up.
It's great to do the
big commercial films.
I wouldn't have been
able to raise the money
to finance "Traveller" if
it wasn't for "Twister."
And this was a script that
my wife found four years ago.
And "One False Move" was
a real departure for me.
It put me in a position with
a lot of serious filmmakers
in Hollywood, like Ron
Howard and [INAUDIBLE]..
This was the movie they saw, and
they saw me as a leading man.
Before that, I had done
some leads in some movies.
But for the most part, I was
known as a working character
actor doing parts in movies like
"Weird Science" and "Aliens"
and "True Lies."
So I saw a great opportunity.
I think you get to a
point in your career
where you really need to take
the reins and try to do--
and it's always been
my dream for 20 years
to produce a movie
that I could act in.
So I wanted to be involved in
the casting, in the director,
in the editing, in the
music, in the art direction.
I don't know who's seen it
the most times in here besides
probably me.
How many times?
>> Probably seen
it about 10 times.
>> Nice.
Nice.
Thanks for the residuals.
[LAUGHTER]
>> --sum up my
friendship with him.
In a soundbite, he
was a dear friend.
He was family, and--
yeah, I'm having--
it's been a hard day.
I thought about not coming,
and Josh reminded me
that Bill loves everything
Hollywood tradition, Hollywood
history, and he
would have kicked
my butt if I didn't come.
>> And he left behind such
a great body of work that,
whenever we're missing him or
we want to hang out with him,
we can.
>> Finally, tonight here,
with so much attention paid
to the Oscars, tonight we
celebrate one more Hollywood
favorite--
Bill Paxton.
He was in so many great
movies, and tonight, his fans,
his colleagues, Tom Hanks
all remembering him.
Here's Kayna Whitworth.
>> He was a Hollywood
favorite, and the world learned
of the loss just hours
before the Oscars.
>> Can you tell us who the
woman in the picture is?
>> Bill Paxton was a prolific
actor known for roles
in blockbuster movies
like "Titanic."
>> Tell us, Rose.
>> It's been 84 years.
>> One of Paxton's
first big breaks,
the obnoxious older brother
Chet in "Weird Science."
>> Do you realize it's
snowing in my room?
>> Then, "Aliens."
>> That's great.
>> And later, taking the
starring role in "Twister."
>> Tighten your seat belt.
>> One of his most
critically-acclaimed roles,
"Apollo 13."
>> Uh, Houston, we got a
pretty large bang there,
especially with
the master alarm.
>> Tributes now pouring in.
Co-star Tom Hanks
tweeting, "Bill Paxton
was simply a wonderful man."
The two also starring
in the upcoming movie
"The Circle," a film that's
now Paxton's final farewell
to Tinseltown.
Paxton was just 61,
and ABC News has
learned he suffered a stroke
after undergoing heart surgery.
Paxton leaves his two children
and wife of 30 years behind.
>> I'm a believer.
>> Kayna Whitworth,
ABC News, Los Angeles.
>> I just forgot everything
when you did that.
Who am I?
>> You're here at Cannes.
>> What hole are we playing?
>> Saw "Into the Wild" recently.
And that was like
the first movie
I've seen in a while
where I left, I was like.
I was thinking about it all day.
>> That could make a good
double bill to "Mean Dreams."
Both kind of road
pictures, on the road.
You end up in a bus.
>> Same thing, right?
>> Except it's a little--
it's a little
different, I guess.
[MUSIC PLAYING]